fix(dcgw): Add info about other fronting options (#5868)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/dedicated-cloud-gateways/private-network.md

AWS WAF attaches directly to the ALB and inspects all inbound HTTP(S) traffic before it reaches your Dedicated Cloud Gateway.
Traffic flows from the ALB to the Dedicated Cloud Gateway's static private IP addresses over your private network connection (VPC peering or Transit Gateway).

> The ALB and AWS WAF combination is sufficient on its own, since the ALB can target the Dedicated Cloud Gateway's private IP addresses directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ALB and AWS WAF together are enough to route inbound traffic to your Dedicated Cloud Gateway, because the ALB can target the gateway's private IP addresses directly. You don't need to place anything else in front of the ALB.
```
